[ServiceBus] Add optional boolean `skipParsingBodyAsJson` option (#18692)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/servicebus/service-bus/CHANGELOG.md

### Features Added

- Add `state` property to `ServiceBusReceivedMessage`. Its value is one of `"active"`, `"deferred"`, or `"scheduled"`. [PR #18938](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/18938)

> - Add optional boolean `skipParsingBodyAsJson` property to `ServiceBusReceiverOptions` and `ServiceBusSessionReceiverOptions`. This allows users to control whether the SDK should skip parsing message body as Json object. By default, the SDK will attempt to parse message body as Json object. [PR #18692](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/18692)

Reviewer: NIT: 
```suggestion
- Add optional boolean `skipParsingBodyAsJson` property to `ServiceBusReceiverOptions` and `ServiceBusSessionReceiverOptions`. By default, the client attempts to parse message body as JSON object, and this new parameter controls whether the client should skip performing this parsing. [PR #18692](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/18692)
```
